Document simplified retry behaviour introduced in #3902 (#4022)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/tasks.rst

   Recoverable vs. Non-Recoverable failures: Recoverable failures will be retried and counted against the task's retry count. Non-recoverable failures will just fail, i.e., the task isn’t retried irrespective of user/system retry configurations. All user exceptions are considered non-recoverable unless the exception is a subclass of FlyteRecoverableException.

.. note::

>    `RFC 3902 <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/pull/3902>`_ implements an alternative, simplified retry behaviour with which both system and user retries are counted towards a single retry budget defined in the task decorator (thus, without a second retry budget defined in the platform configuration). The last retries are always performed on non-spot instances to guarantee completion. To activate this behaviour, set ``TODO`` to ``TODO`` in the helm values.

Author: ```suggestion
   `RFC 3902 <https://github.com/flyteorg/flyte/pull/3902>`_ implements an alternative, simplified retry behaviour with which both system and user retries are counted towards a single retry budget defined in the task decorator (thus, without a second retry budget defined in the platform configuration). The last retries are always performed on non-spot instances to guarantee completion. To activate this behaviour, set ``configmap.core.propeller.node-config.ignore-retry-cause`` to ``true`` in the helm values.
```
